
CompTIA Security+ (SY0-701) Practice Questions

Question 1
A business development team reports that files are missing from the database system and the server log-in screens are showing a lock symbol that requires users to contact an email address to access the system and data. Which of the following attacks is the company facing?

A. Rootkit
B. Ransomware
C. Spyware
D. Bloatware

Question 2
During a security incident, the security operations team identified sustained network traffic from a malicious IP address: 10.1.4.9. A security analyst is creating an inbound firewall rule to block the IP address from accessing the organization's network. Which of the following fulfills this request?

A. access-list inbound deny ip source 0.0.0.0/0 destination 10.1.4.9/32
B. access-list inbound deny ip source 10.1.4.9/32 destination 0.0.0.0/0
C. access-list inbound permit ip source 10.1.4.9/32 destination 0.0.0.0/0
D. access-list inbound permit ip source 0.0.0.0/0 destination 10.1.4.9/32

Question 3
Which of the following threat actors is the most likely to use common hacking tools found on the internet to attempt to remotely compromise an organization's web server?

A. Organized crime
B. Insider threat
C. Unskilled attacker
D. Nation-state

Question 4
A systems administrator would like to set up a system that will make it difficult or impossible to deny that someone has performed an action. Which of the following is the administrator trying to accomplish?

A. Non-repudiation
B. Adaptive identity
C. Security zones
D. Deception and disruption

Question 5
Which of the following types of controls decreases the likelihood of a cybersecurity breach occurring?

A. Corrective
B. Transfer
C. Detective
D. Preventive

Question 6
A company is expanding its threat surface program and allowing individuals to security test the company's internet-facing application. The company will compensate researchers based on the vulnerabilities discovered. Which of the following best describes the program the company is setting up?

A. Open-source intelligence
B. Bug bounty
C. Red team
D. Penetration testing

Question 7
Which of the following is the final step of the incident response process?

A. Containment
B. Lessons learned
C. Eradication
D. Detection

Question 8
Which of the following provides the details about the terms of a test with a third-party penetration tester?

A. Rules of engagement
B. Supply chain analysis
C. Right to audit clause
D. Due diligence

Question 9
An organization is leveraging a VPN between its headquarters and a branch location. Which of the following is the VPN protecting?

A. Data in use
B. Data in transit
C. Geographic restrictions
D. Data sovereignty

Question 10
Which of the following would be the most helpful in restoring data in the event of a ransomware infection?

A. Load balancing
B. Geographic dispersion
C. Encryption
D. Backups
Security+ (SY0-701) Answer Key

Question 1) B. Ransomware

Question 2) B. access-list inbound deny ip source 10.1.4.9/32 destination 0.0.0.0/0

Question 3) C. Unskilled attacker

Question 4) A. Non-repudiation

Question 5) D. Preventive

Question 6) B. Bug bounty

Question 7) B. Lessons learned

Question 8) A. Rules of engagement

Question 9) B. Data in transit

Question 10) D. Backups
